---
layout: post
title: Embrace The Vertical
tags: [cssconf, speaking]
description: "Video, slides and a few lessons learned from my first speaking engagement."
---

My session from CSS Conf 2014 is online. Feel free to follow along with
[my slides](https://speakerdeck.com/aebsr/embrace-the-vertical). (They
lack some animation, but you should get the point)

<div class="video hd"><iframe width="853" height="480" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/rNoMgCn4E-U?rel=0" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></div>


### Lessons Learned

#### Don’t Be So Nervous

I was painfully nervous. Only my wife and colleagues have really
acknowledged how uncomfortable I was. But the minute I finished I
thought, “Wait, that was it?” The bottom line is: Out of everyone in the
audience, some will already know everything you’re saying. Some won’t.
Some will be facinated. Others will be bored. I can say confidently that
as a speaker, it’s best not to focus on them–just say what you have to
say. You’re gauranteed to expose at least a few people to something
they’ve never considered before.

#### Code Reviews Are Boring

This isn’t always the case, but in my case it was. In theory, I thought
the best approach would be to go into annoying detail on how I built
this prototype so I could build up anticipation. Then, when I pulled
back the curtain and showed the code in action, I’d bask in the crowds
elation. In reality, people checked out. They lost the context of what I
was building. Talking code, code and code without actually showing
in-browser progress isn’t how we work. We code, test, improve, repeat.
When I revealed the final prototype, it was met with applause but could
have been much better executed. An attendee suggested, “Next time, start
with the wow.” As in, showing a cool effect will draw people in and
immediately start the conversation with, “Whoa! How’d you do that?”

#### Wear A Collar

I think everyone should dress for comfort. I never dress to impress–at
least, not anyone but myself. However, I was only one minute into my
talk before I realized I should have dressed for the setting. A lot of
conferences use clip-on mics that allow you to move freely and have your
hands free. Without a collared shirt, I had to wear the mic on my
lanyard, which caused a few noisy adjustments.

#### Never Promise Anything

As I took the stage, the event was running a bit behind. Eager to
shorten my time on stage, I mentioned that I might be able to get
everyone to lunch sooner than expected. I was originally asked to speak
for 25-30 minutes, and thought, “I’ll just give them a solid 20.” After
viewing the video, I see that I spoke for almost 30 minutes on the dot.
