---
layout: post
title: 32 Days
tags: [personal, fitness]
description: "Another random dump of happenings that I was too busy to share."
redirect_from: "/2016/03/10/32-days/"
---

Last month I found myself buried under a ton of work even more family obligations. My oft bragged about balance between work and life was lost. Though it was all my doing. I've learned a lot about myself and my ability balancing risk and reward over the past few weeks. To make matters more complicated I found that when stressed I want to write light. I want to escape my source of frustration and do something positive. I won't go into that now, just know that was the driving force behind my absence from writing.

## Girl Scouts

Shout out to those of you who ordered [Girl Scout Cookies](/2016/01/11/girl-scout-cookies/). Despite having a week to sell, a quarter of the time of her fellow scouts, my daughter came in as the number one seller. The revenue will fund regional Girl Scout efforts. Next year, though, I'll stick to local orders. That shipping bill was hefty!

## Costochondritis

It was freshman year, when I first felt debilitated. Unable to move freely or breath deeply.

> Oh this shit remind me of the parking lot<br />
> And skipping class, and smoking pot<br />
> Oh this shit remind me of parties with the freshman<br />
> Second base on the couch, plus she gave me mouth to mouth
> [Remind Me Of](http://genius.com/Hoodie-allen-remind-me-of-lyrics)

A few times a year the pain would set in and I could never find a pattern or associate it with a specific activity. Doctors dismissed my aches as growing pains, pulled muscles, and bruised ribs. For the past 5 years, the aches have increased in intensity. It's hindered my ability to drive, work and be an active part of my family.

I've been trying to get back into shape. A once obsessive journey. A journey I believe now is the likely cause of my condition. A few weeks ago I found myself at the gym. It was 5 am. I misjudged my strength and attempted to complete one too many shoulder presses. My back bowed. My torso twisted. The pain shot out lightning fast. Somehow I completed the rep, albeit poorly. As I tried to stretch out the kink the pain felt all too familiar and I knew I had flared up my lingering ailment. Remember when I said my fitness journey was once "obsessive"? Well, I fought through the tears in my eyes and completed my workout. In hindsight, a pretty dumb decision.

As my mobility decreased my wife, Kelley, inspired me to check out Mayo Clinic. I've gone too long without a proper diagnosis. Sure enough, Costochondritis popped up as the likely culprit. She races me to the clinic as my breaths grew shorter. Getting in and out of the car required a series of involuntary shouts and grunts. The staff nurse hears my symptoms and tells me she can't help. So I head to back specialist who agrees, it sounds like Costochondritis. So now I need see a Rheumatologist, who hopefully can give me some guidance on how to cope with this condition. Which is made worst by just being active, being sick and sometimes moving in the wrong the direction.

Meanwhile, I've got a dog to walk who likes to pull. I've got a body that I'm still trying to make stronger, and healthier. I have kids whom I try to lead by example in being active and athletic.

## Gym Rat

Seems like a decent point to segue. I've been gym bound at 5 am, 5 nights a week for some time now. 40 minutes of strength followed by 30 minutes of cardio. 3 times a week I add a second cardio workout to the mix in the evenings. I call it #OperationAdonis. A nod to the Adonis Complex, which I likely suffered from as a younger man. Though my goal here is just being healthy. I don't need a chiseled 8 pack nor do I want to dedicate that kind of time to the effort. I do however have three main fitness goals.

1. 10 pull ups
2. sub 30 min 5k
3. 18% body fat or less

I don't care what the scale says. I care about what my body can do and how many of my clothes I need to replace. I guess the question is, can I do all that by August 12th, 2016?
