---
layout: post
title: 90s
tags: [personal, fitness]
description: "Taken from Facebook, I reflect on what the 90s meant to me."
---

It's been almost 2 months since I've [written](/2016/01/01/write-something/) anything, so I'm going to steal my little Facebook rant this morning and pretend like it was a purposeful and thought out entry.

<iframe src="https://www.facebook.com/plugins/video.php?href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.facebook.com%2Fvixdotcom%2Fvideos%2Fvb.167288330277317%2F277512989254850%2F%3Ftype%3D3&show_text=0&width=560" width="560" height="315" style="border:none;overflow:hidden" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" allowTransparency="true" allowFullScreen="true"></iframe>

What's interesting about this argument is, when some older generations reminisce over "simpler times" it tends to be more divisive and troubled times for people who don't look like them. But when I think about the 90s, I don't see those things. It was colorful, diverse and fun. Mostly. Sure there was still crime, poverty and war. But at the time, we just felt like we were headed towards a better, brighter and more together future. Even the emo, woe is us [points of view] of the time were entertaining. Speaking which, I think I'm going to watch [Daria](http://www.hulu.com/daria) for the first time in almost 20 years.

*... and an hour later.*

Quick follow up, everyone's perspective is unique. One thing that made the 90s so great was diversity. I had moved from an all black neighborhood in DC, where I went to a school that had an all black student body. The limit of my experience with other cultures and socio-economic groups were the Asian store owners, the White teachers, White police, and my Black community. Little good comes from [homogeneity](/2016/02/06/code-the-block/#to-pimp-a-butterfly). But in the 90s I moved to Maryland. I was introduced to new music, new cultures and new surroundings. My world got exponentially bigger. So for me, that nostalgia isn't just about a simpler time it was about the time when I realized things are pretty good and probably going to get a lot better.
