---
layout: post
title: The 15 Day Rant
tags: [personal, diversity, community, funny]
description: "It's been two weeks since I wrote anything. I've got my soap box and
tin foil hat ready. Set. Go!"
---

I'm just getting back from the gym and instead of taking a nap on the couch
before the rest of my family wakes, here I am  with computer on lap trying
desperately to not completely give up on my goal to write something _almost_
everyday. So pardon the rant, but I've got about two weeks of thoughts I haven't
taken the time to type out. So this will probably act as a whetting of ones
appetite. I'll flesh out some deeper, darker, take aways later.

## Vegas Baby

I spent the weekend in my one of my favorite cities. Friends who are much more
traveled than I often look at my love for LV with bewilderment. It's not exotic.
It doesn't provide me with life altering perspectives. It just allows me to take
a break from giving. I like Vegas for exactly what is about, unapologetic excess.

For 3 days I got to eat, drink, gamble, stay up and sleep in as much as I wanted.
Something most non parents take for granted. But that's why I go. So I can enjoy,
in a primitive sense, the fruits of my labor. Taking a short break from giving
to family, friends, work, the IRS and the world at large.

I've been saying for a few years now, my perfect vacation would just be me on a
motorcycle, far far away from anyone I know. Enough money and skills in my
pocket to get by. And absolutely nothing to do. I've got about 14 years before I
can try that, but until then - Vegas will do.

## Look Like Me

I work for a startup out of San Francisco. So I make it out to the left coast
about once a quarter. Every trip I presented with the same question.

> You don't love it out here?

No. No I don't.

And it's not just the disgusting wealth disparity, obsession with technology,
lack of any easily identifiable culture, the smell of piss in the streets and oh
god the hills. So. Many. Hills. It's the daily reminder as I walk through many
parts of the city the vast majority of people who look like me are either
homeless or standing on the other side of the service counter. Honestly, that
shit gets real old.

I love diversity. In fact, I'm of the belief that the single most detrimental
risk to our society is proliferating of homogeneous communities. I equally don't
wish to be a part of a community where every looks like me, or looks nothing
like me.

> White people, black people, brown people, yellow people, get rid of 'em all/ All we need is a voluntary, free spirited, open-ended program of procreative racial deconstruction/ Everybody just gotta keep fuckin' everybody til they're all the same color
> <br/> [Sen. Jay Billington Bulworth](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118798/quotes)

## That Coast Though

Back to that startup I mentioned. We spent a couple days at [Half Moon Bay](http://www.ritzcarlton.com/en/Properties/HalfMoonBay/Default.htm), the
pictures do it justice. We went over roadmaps and strategy, did some team
building activities and drank. A lot.

During a few brief moments of downtime, I'd stare out over the coast. Listening
to the angry waves taunt the shore.

I said to myself "I wish I could just throw my phone into the ocean."<br />
[Reid](https://twitter.com/jbrw1984) replied "What?"<br />
Sorry didn't know that was aloud.<br />
"I mean look at this." I said gazing into the horizon. "This shit just makes me
want to cut off the world. Pitch a tent and just, be. Sleep under the stars and
not have to worry about _things_."

We sat in silence for a moment just taking it in, before we went back inside and
finalized our dev plan. Such is, the calm before the storm.

## Sportsball

So, Super Bowl 50 is upon us. I don't really care, but I happened to marry a woman
who likes sports even more than I. She's also successfully indoctrinated my son
into the world of Sportsball. And so that means this Sunday, I'll be at my
mother in law's as the family attempts to deafen me with cheers and screams. I
will however be deep couch sitting with my feet up, Makers Mark neat in a glass
Key & Peele in my headphones. I'm hoping this #realtalk event they are planning
will make the game much more entertaining for me.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ntGKxBs1F24" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> Shit... now that's some real talk homie<br/>
But he can't own them fields wit dem lil paws homie<br/>
And real dogs only bark at bitches when they gotta do<br/>
Taught him to, think when he at the line like an audible<br/>
[Lion King](http://genius.com/Lil-dicky-lion-king-lyrics)
