---
layout: post
title: Walk Tall
tags: [personal]
description: "Hoodies up. Ski masks on. Baby it's cold outside."
redirect_from: "/2016/01/04/walk-tall/"
---

I walk with purpose. Toes out with a lateral stride. Chin tucked like a boxer. Loose fists tucked into my pockets. It's been called predatory more than once. But it's comfortable. It's natural. It's me.

> For this feeling I feel in my heart<br />
> If you ain’t riding with me, I’m willing to walk<br />
> Like I’m wrestling for this one shot<br />
> Feeling like Trayvon on the lawn before the gun shot<br />
> [With My Hoodie On](http://genius.com/King-los-with-my-hoodie-on-lyrics/)

At South by South West years ago, my colleagues took notice. Asking why I walked as if I was angry. Ever since moving to the suburbs, I grew aware how others perceived these little bits of me. Sometimes as oddities and quirks, and other times as threats.

This awareness is why when I enter the Beer and Wine I pull back my hoodie, revealing my face a bit. Why I purposefully make eye contact and smile at strangers in the parking lot of the grocery store. Why I take the window seat leaving the open seat closest to the aisle.

I've let the perceptions of the majority modify my behavior. Which sucks. A lot. I know what I'm doing, and why I'm doing it. But I often modify my behavior without thinking. It's self preservation.

## Winter Is Coming

Except when it's cold out. I've got a hoodie for every day of the week and I just got back inside from walking the dog. It's so cold my face hurts, and it's only just now beginning to feel like winter. Which means it's Ski Mask Season. I may cross the street to ease the nerves of a neighbor, but I won't freeze doing it!

Every man has his limit.
