---
layout: post
title: 378 Days Later
tags: [crossfit, fitness, stoicism, philosophy]
description: "This what I've spent the last year doing. Being mindful of what to care about."
excerpt: "Conclusions are hard. Points are evasive. I’m happy, healthy and ready to limp back into the digital ether but only so far as to inspire and be inspired."
---

Pardon the cobwebs & prose.

I planned to write a big “guess who’s back” blog post on the anniversary of “[I Slept In Yesterday](https://medium.com/@aebsr/i-slept-in-yesterday-66f668aeb078).” I made it only 3 paragraphs in before I stopped caring. That feeling rather sums up how I’ve spent the past year. Not, not caring, but rather mindful of what I cared about.

The 50 or so days that followed that post were filled with a flurry of emotions. First, I removed all social media from my phone. The value in the white noise and my access to it were hard to quantify. On Facebook, I reacted to the negative first. I unfriended those I found offensive or unwilling to compromise. Facebook is an effective means of disseminating confirmation bias. Which is what my feed began to resemble. So I unfriended everyone but family. I thought, if I’m so confident that my feeds contained little lasting value; What had I put out in the world worth keeping? And so I deleted my Twitter history. Not the account, because I’m a fan of those “Log In With Insert Social Media” buttons. I was cut off from my digital community of friends, colleagues and family. How exactly was I supposed to fulfill the promises I made in “[I slept in yesterday](https://medium.com/@aebsr/i-slept-in-yesterday-66f668aeb078)?”

I spent my unseasonably warm Winter on the motorcycle and at the shooting range. Reading old bookmarked articles. I tried to learn to play bass. I began reading up on Stoicism as I found it aligned with my own personal philosophies. I sat, quietly, thinking. A lot.

## Be The Change

By March, I put my new found calm to work. Working out at home, doing meal prep, and taking kick boxing. I limped back into social media finding food and fitness inspiration on Instagram.

> Won’t react to hate on some bar shit
> Tryina reach the comic books while I do the cross fit
> Because the body is a temple and all these tattoos is like stained glass windows yea — [Whatuptho](https://medium.com/r/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgenius.com%2F9th-wonder-and-murs-whatuptho-lyrics)

By June I was volunteering to be “the only black person in the room”. Google it. Hitting up weekly bike nights, drinking at neighborhood bars, starting Crossfit, and being social during work trips to San Francisco. This was as much about getting outside of my own comfort zone as it was about making others do the same.

I found myself debating philosophy with a college English professor at a bar. Arguing Black Lives Matter with a Motorcycle Club. Discussing police and minority relations with a Police Officer. I didn’t aim to change minds, only to show that a conversation could be had.

## Stoic Takeaways

### Want Less

Before pivoting to Stoicism I had been taking a serious look at my own materialism. Obsessed with the hot new gadget, upgrades for my motorcycle and collecting firearms. Embracing a minimalist approach to things I purged a lot of extra. Not necessarily to find happiness with “less” but to stop looking for happiness in “more.”

### Judge Not

The irony of this journey is that it came about through an excess of judgement. Of others and myself. How I interpret the circumstances I find myself in, the actions people take, or outcomes we collectively endure matters not. They are just things that happen, and they don’t have to have an effect on my happiness.

### Endure

It’s hard to justify the value of struggle in a world where innovation rarely reaches those who need it. Outside of sport and war, the underdog rarely gets its day. The have-nots are wanting, the haves are searching for something new to want. As that dichotomy continues I find renewed joy in interacting with those who seek to correct that imbalance.

> If there is no struggle, there is no progress. — Frederick Douglass

## An Abrupt End

<blockquote class="instagram-media" data-instgrm-version="7" style=" background:#FFF; border:0; border-radius:3px; box-shadow:0 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.5),0 1px 10px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.15); margin: 1px; max-width:658px; padding:0; width:99.375%; width:-webkit-calc(100% - 2px); width:calc(100% - 2px);"><div style="padding:8px;"> <div style=" background:#F8F8F8; line-height:0; margin-top:40px; padding:49.029126213592235% 0; text-align:center; width:100%;"> <div style=" background:url(data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACwAAAAsCAMAAAApWqozAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAAAMUExURczMzPf399fX1+bm5mzY9AMAAADiSURBVDjLvZXbEsMgCES5/P8/t9FuRVCRmU73JWlzosgSIIZURCjo/ad+EQJJB4Hv8BFt+IDpQoCx1wjOSBFhh2XssxEIYn3ulI/6MNReE07UIWJEv8UEOWDS88LY97kqyTliJKKtuYBbruAyVh5wOHiXmpi5we58Ek028czwyuQdLKPG1Bkb4NnM+VeAnfHqn1k4+GPT6uGQcvu2h2OVuIf/gWUFyy8OWEpdyZSa3aVCqpVoVvzZZ2VTnn2wU8qzVjDDetO90GSy9mVLqtgYSy231MxrY6I2gGqjrTY0L8fxCxfCBbhWrsYYAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC); display:block; height:44px; margin:0 auto -44px; position:relative; top:-22px; width:44px;"></div></div><p style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px; margin-bottom:0; margin-top:8px; overflow:hidden; padding:8px 0 7px; text-align:center; text-overflow:ellipsis; white-space:nowrap;"><a href="https://www.instagram.com/p/Bbf3P53nRs4/" style=" color:#c9c8cd; font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; line-height:17px; text-decoration:none;" target="_blank">A post shared by Antoine Butler (@aebsr)</a> on <time style=" font-family:Arial,sans-serif; font-size:14px; line-height:17px;" datetime="2017-11-15T01:43:07+00:00">Nov 14, 2017 at 5:43pm PST</time></p></div></blockquote> <script async defer src="//platform.instagram.com/en_US/embeds.js"></script>

Conclusions are hard. Points are evasive. I’m happy, healthy and ready to limp back into the digital ether but only so far as to inspire and be inspired.

I guess that’s what 378 days feels like.

I came across two photos of myself a few days ago. A year having passed between them.

I guess that’s what 378 days later looks like.

### Follow Along

I’ve found that curating my digital feed has kept me motivated and accountable on the fitness and philosophical front. If you’d like to follow along check my [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/aebsr). It’s the only place I’m active online these days.

Until next time.
